Tableau part one (#42)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis-curriculum: content/tableau-part-one/studio/_index.md

+++
title = "Studio: Tableau Part 1"
date = 2021-10-01T09:28:27-05:00
draft = false
weight = 3
+++

## Getting Started

> Please use your best judgement on the type of chart, layout, and interpretation of the list below. This is an exercise to get hands-on experience with Tableau. This will be the first stop on a journey of many skills!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use your best judgment on the chart style, layout, and interpretation of the list below. This is an exercise to get hands-on experience with Tableau. This will be the first stop on a journey of many skills!
```
